I hate the design but I wanted to see
what but you know this type of product
the best design is the less design
possible that means the best designer is
the smallest product the sinners product
the latest product the strongest product
and after that's all because that's
clearly in this type of product which
are deeply model and intelligent the
interesting thing is whether is in not
what there is around that's why the
right product for this is to have the
minimum around the interesting thing
that's why it's almost sad but the
designer was not enough graduation was
not enough well to completely disappear
and he won't make something little like
that it'll like that little diagonal
like that and so little sad because the
concept is madera but the design is less
model because the guy don't want
disappear if anybody has a product to
the list we design it's from redbubble
bring back here we'll ever have an
adjusted thousands of people now and I
noticed two things one they almost
always want to touch it like the iphone
and touch the screen this is not a
charger in Vegas FC the other thing is
how most people hold it and they usually
grab it on the side and they almost
always flip my bacon sure sure sure no
the economy is not very well done
because like you said immediately when
you take it you push the button here and
if you is oh i do that and you make
the same thing on the right
you meant to that like that no no it's
almost modem one more one more oh don't
kitchen one more four feet was the
question